Ah, are you all right?
By Su Wei himself in order to climb up
Even his own flesh and blood
I don't even know tiger poison
You are simply
Better than animals
The master born of a woman like you
Even with my oil and blood
Commander, you are an inferior person
Just me and Xiaolan's child
To be a family descendant
Haha, you chose it yourself.
From today onwards
You and I are sorry
righteousness
absolutely
Go down
Cancel to make a difference
The champion of martial arts has a thousand troops with red hair
Restart man
Gather all Kong Mingjun and fight us Fang Mingge is
This
Mu Guiying is tired of living
I really thought I was rolling around here
You can mess up the loser's business
speak out
I can't stand my son crying
Just went crazy
I guess so.
he
It's a country full of men
The village women's bar was rested in front of the big guys
It's normal to be flustered
With your grass-roots people
It is also worthy of grabbing the order with my sister.
Lord Nangong is coming soon
If you want to die
If Nangong Qing didn't arrive in a while
It is also appropriate
Presumptuous you bitch
Han Gai is disrespectful to Lord Nangong
When Lord Nangong came
Is it the time to bury the mountain and go to dominate the slaves?
Then you are not afraid of Nangong Qin theft
The person in front of me who asked me to kill is you
You robber, you die early
Straight and complex
I'd like to see what you get back
Then keep your dog's eyes open
What does the devil do?
This Phoenix flyover
I have fantasized countless times
Relying on you at your peak
And now you don't deserve it at all
So I'm going to take it back to the first one.
It is this phoenix tomorrow